All right, let's move on and create this section here, so it's going to be a row, as you see.
And it's easy to put together, I think now because we want to divide up all of the composable.
So we're going to create a new composable wind pressure through quite a long name.
But that works.
I'm going to pass a weather.
Here it's going to be data zero day, and at least actually I think I already have the weather item,
I think we call a weather item.
Very good.
And there we go, so now let's go ahead and create this precious composable weather item.
OK, so what's going to happen with our weather item?
Well, in this case here, I'm going to create a row in my past, my fire.
Padding of about 12 dpi.
Phil Max with.
And let me say vertical alignment to one center vertically.
Oops.
And I want arrangement space between.
So I'm creating this outer row, but then inside for each one of these items, I'm going to have another
row right or icon and then the number.
So another row site here, and we actually have.
Tomorrow.
It's a passive modifier.
It before patting.
And first thing I'm going to add here is an icon.
And we already added these.
I'm going to say painter resource, and I'm going to say.
For IDR Dot Tribal and guests to humidity first.
Aha, we need to import our wonderful are.
Let's start over because.
Get Drabble humidity.
This needs to be a painter.
There we go.
And this is going to be, say, humility icon the modifier.
TDP.
And then after that, I'm going to pass a text.
That's going to be.
Learn to use our weather and get humidity, say, to a string.
Looks like we don't need that.
And I'm going to put a percentage of such.
Let's give us style.
Could caption, OK?
And all of this going to be pretty much the same for all of them, so with minor changes.
Let's just add that and this is going to be pressure.
Pressure.
And pressure.
I say PCI for pressure.
That's fine.
Let's go ahead and do that.
And this is going to be wind.
Miles per hour.
All right.
Let's go ahead and run and see if we can see something, hopefully.
OK.
All right.
That's nice, except it's not where we want it to be, it's right up there.
That means I want this to be down here.
The problem here, it seems to me that our humidity pressure, I'm calling outside of our column.
So then I put a right inside there, I believe.
Let's see.
Yes, that's the column.
Yes, I think that would work.
The outer one.
Let's see.
OK.
Looks at way, way better.
That's exactly where we want it to be.
And it looks just like this.
As you can see there.
All right.
Very good.
Very good indeed.
All right.
So next we are going to add this divider there.
It's very easy.
So just go back right there.
I'm going to say the Vidar like that.
And.
Very good.
Just like that, our app is starting to look really nice.